Issue Tracking System – AngularJS Practical Project
You are assigned to design and implement an issue tracker system. The system holds projects, which have issues. Each project has a leader (the person responsible for the project) , name, description, a project key (which should be generated by the client using the rule which is described below in the endpoints section), a set of priorities which the project’s issues can use and some labels.
Each Issue has a title, description, issue key (which is automatically generated by the system), an assignee (the person responsible to resolve the issue), a status which must follow a specific status transition (more on that below), a due date, a priority (which is some of the available priorities for the project), some labels and user-made comments.
A status transition scheme describes the workflow of an issue. See the image below for an example scheme:
 
A logged in user can view the dashboard, which depending of his role, will consist of different elements. All users can view the assigned issues to them, ordered by due date in descending order. Administrators can also create or edit issues and projects. 
The project leader can edit the project, add new issues to it and change the status of the current ones. The issue assignee has privileges to change the status of the issue.
Anonymous site visitors can only login and register. Logged in users can logout. You are given the server-side REST services to be called by your app with AJAX requests so you do not need to develop back-end.

